THIS LINE IS THE 1ST UPPER CASE LINE IN THIS FILE.
this lineeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyy is the 1st lower case line in this file.
This Line Has All Its First Character Of The Word With Upper Case.

One line above this line is empty.
And this is the last line.

The purpose of this research is to identify a subtype of autism 
called Developmental Verbal Dyspraxia (DVD).  DVD is a motor-speech 
problem, disabling oral-motor movements needed for speaking. The first
 phase of the project involves a screening interview where we identify 
DVD and Non-DVD kids.  We also use home videos to validate answers on 
the screening interview.  The final phase involves home visits where 
we use several assessments to confirm the child’s diagnosis and 
examine the connection between manual and oral motor challenges. By 
identifying DVD as a subtype of Autism, we will eliminate the assumption 
that all Autistics have the same characteristics. This will allow for 
more individual consideration of Autistic people and may direct future 
research on the genetic factors in autism.

Upon receiving the Wisconsin Idea Undergraduate Fellowship the summer 
and fall 2003 semesters were spent designing and implementing a Hmong 
Political Council, Inc. (HPC).  The fellowship addressed the immediate 
need felt by our local government and the Hmong refugee community to 
develop a political voice expressing the economic, political, and social 
needs of the Hmong refugee community. It was implemented through the 
collaboration of the United Refugee Services of Wisconsin, Professor Macken, 
the Hmong community, and myself.  Extensive research was conducted at 
the local, state, and national level involving the studying of IRS 
requirements, lobbying rights, other political councils, and the needs of
 the Wisconsin Hmong community. HPC is now a legal non-profit organization 
that has held two fundraisers, released press statements, and worked with 
State and National political figures to address the needs of the Hmong 
community. Within the year HPC plans to be lobbying at the state level.  

